Remove pipe on end of commented code prior to checking parsability (#2672)
r-lib/lintr: NEWS.md

* `.lintr` configs set by option `lintr.linter_file` or environment variable `R_LINTR_LINTER_FILE` can point to subdirectories (#2512, @MichaelChirico).
* `indentation_linter()` returns `ranges[1L]==1L` when the offending line has 0 spaces (#2550, @MichaelChirico).
* `literal_coercion_linter()` doesn't surface a warning about NAs during coercion for code like `as.integer("a")` (#2566, @MichaelChirico).

> * `commented_code_linter()` can detect commented out code ending with a pipe (#2671, @jcken95)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `commented_code_linter()` can detect commented code that ends with a pipe (#2671, @jcken95)
```
